gh-111140: Adds PyLong_AsNativeBytes and PyLong_FromNative[Unsigned]Bytes functions (#114886)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/long.rst

   Returns ``NULL`` on error.  Use :c:func:`PyErr_Occurred` to disambiguate.

.. c:function:: int PyLong_AsNativeBytes(PyObject *pylong, void* buffer, size_t n_bytes, int endianness)

   Copy the Python integer value to a native *buffer* of size *n_bytes*::

      int value;
      int bytes = PyLong_CopyBits(v, &value, sizeof(value), -1);
      if (bytes < 0) {
          // Error occurred
          return NULL;
      }
      else if (bytes > sizeof(value)) {
          // Overflow occurred, but 'value' contains as much as could fit
      }

   *endianness* may be passed ``-1`` for the native endian that CPython was
   compiled with, or ``0`` for big endian and ``1`` for little.

   Returns ``-1`` with an exception raised if *pylong* cannot be interpreted as

>    an integer. Otherwise, returns the size of the buffer required to store the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Return ``-1`` with an exception raised if *pylong* cannot be interpreted as
   an integer. Otherwise, return the size of the buffer required to store the
```

Author: Virtually every other API in this section uses "Returns" (some are mixed). Has there been a discussion/decision on this wording?

Personally I prefer "Returns" when describing what the function does, and "return" when describing what the caller does ("return" doesn't come up often in that case, though sometimes in callback - e.g. "Return 1 from the callback to abort the process").

Reviewer: > Has there been a discussion/decision on this wording?

I'm not sure if there is an official decision manifested in a document somewhere, but the wording in reference prose has been discussed multiple times and there is a general agreement that the imperative mood is to be used. cc. @CAM-Gerlach

Reviewer 2: > Virtually every other API in this section uses "Returns"

Consistency within the document should win. For consistency across the docs, this PR is not the place.

   value. If this is equal to or less than *n_bytes*, the entire value was
   copied.

   Unless an exception is raised, all *n_bytes* of the buffer will be written
   with as much of the value as can fit. This allows the caller to ignore all
   non-negative results, if the intent is to match the typical behavior of a
   C-style downcast.

   Values are always copied as twos-complement, and sufficient size will be
   requested for a sign bit. For example, this may cause an value that fits into
   8-bytes when treated as unsigned to request 9 bytes, even though all eight
   bytes were copied into the buffer.

   Passing *n_bytes* of zero will always return the requested buffer size.
   The requested buffer size may be larger than necessary, but only when the
   larger size is required to contain the full value. This function is not an

>    accurate way to determine the bit length of a value.

Reviewer: Consider converting the very last sentence into a `.. note::`.

   Returns ``NULL`` on error.  Use :c:func:`PyErr_Occurred` to disambiguate.

.. c:function:: Py_ssize_t PyLong_AsNativeBytes(PyObject *pylong, void* buffer, Py_ssize_t n_bytes, int endianness)

   Copy the Python integer value to a native *buffer* of size *n_bytes*::

      int value;

>       Py_ssize_t bytes = PyLong_CopyBits(v, &value, sizeof(value), -1);

Reviewer 3: Shouldn't this say `PyLong_AsNativeBytes`?

Author: Good catch, thank you! I'll fix
